what's up guys doggy games here hope you
all having a great day today
a lot of you guys will link to me this
video of this guy named dog sensor
Martin what a tool bag anyways he says
he works out and he's sponsored by up
Fitness company this is just a gamer
some loser that eats Doritos and pizza
and watches gym porn I heard I don't
know anything about him but we're gonna
react to the video and see how this goes
to shine in a place like this you really
have to be something special
making something of yourself and it's
city full of people trying to do the
same thing takes a huge amount of
commitment but sometimes just one
inspirational person at one tiny moment
can change your life
I'm Doug sensor Martin I'm 21 years old
and I'm a gym shark athlete I know this
guy looked familiar
he's not free candy cheeseburgers
this kid calls himself a fitness gamer
he can't even live the freaking
toothpick you're broke you saw me over
just a little bit all right I'm strong
and I just even you know a little help
ready I need a 1 3 2 1
just be like mom one minute please just
one minute I got to finish this game to
be like what are you trying to do Doug
what's going on with you up there what
are you doing in your room all by
yourself all day I'm like mom I'm trying
to be number one in the world
she said why is that so important to get
why do you got to be number one I said
mom somebody has to be number one why
can't I be that guy why can't I be
number one I find it a little bit odd
that this kid dog sensor Martin that's
almost the exact same setup as me don't
you games bastard
$50,000 from playing video games it's
nothing
I think if 50,000 grams of protein a day
growing up in school I never kissed
girls I never talked to girls I would
stay away from girls as a matter of fact
if I thought a girl was cute
I look in the opposite direction then
seven years later fetch lower that was
the last time I had a girlfriend I bet
this kid brags about winning a $50,000
check to pick up chicks addiction makes
it look cool with something like that I
just randomly decided to find out more
about the girl I thought she was so
attractive and just absolutely stunning
blonde Oh completamente Serrano so CLO I
just wanted to know more about her and
who she was and and if she is real
because I've never seen a girl like that
in my life what a freakin loser way more
followers of me that could instantly get
them more revenue but they decided to
choose me and then that's when it
clicked to me that we have the same
mindset that I'm a gamer that was skinny
that had nothing going for him
and I wanted to make something more of
myself I thought enough of this crap get
some games
all right so I hope you guys enjoyed
that short skit that I try to put with
this reacting video I didn't want to
reopen the actual video so I figured
it'd be hilarious if I acted as if I was
a hater of myself going along this video
because some people think this guy plays
video games and he's sponsored by Jim
shark but that's a fitness company like
why the hell this guy's sponsored by
them so I try to act as if I was a hater
of myself I thought it was hilarious
guys let me know if the eyes like this
temper video but I want you guys to go
check out the original version it's
basically a video talking about the
sacrifices that I made in my life to get
to the point where I am now and how my
mind has changed and how how much I've
grown over the years and how I believe
in envision myself to go places in life
and it's just an awesomely well done
inspirational video I really try to make
this the complete opposite of that just
so I don't take anything away from that
upload so if you guys wanna go check it
out I'll put a link in the description
below go to that video drop a like on it
let me know in the comments of that
video what you think let me know what
you guys think of my acting that's crazy
or not I thought I had to change it up
put on a bandana put on a wife-beater I
don't I can't really be mean I'm not
really that mean of a guy but let me
know what you guys think I definitely
want to try new things and do new funny
videos and I thought this was hilarious
so hope you guys all have a great day
it's been your boy Doug sensor Martin
and about guys peace man if I don't eat
the whole thing I'm getting rocked
Hey